Fused retractions (#146)
JuliaManifolds/ManifoldsBase.jl: docs/src/example.md

First of all our [`AbstractManifold`](@ref)`{𝔽}` has a parameter `𝔽`.
This parameter indicates the [`number_system`](@ref) the manifold is based on, for example `ℝ` for real manifolds, which is short for [`RealNumbers`](@ref)`()` or `ℂ` for complex manifolds, a shorthand for [`ComplexNumbers`](@ref)`()`.

Second, this interface usually provides both an allocating and a mutating variant of each function, for example for the [`exp`](@ref)onential map [implemented below](@ref manifold-tutorial-fn) this interface provides `exp(M, p, X)` to compute the exponential map and `exp!(M, q, p, X)` to compute the exponential map in the memory provided by `q`, mutating that input.
the convention is, that the manifold is the first argument -- in both function variants -- the mutating variant then has the input to be mutated in second place, and the remaining parameters are again the same (`p`and `X` here).

> We usually refer to these two variants of the same function as the allocating (`exp`) function and the mutating (`exp!`) one.

Reviewer: since we are at it, I think in Manopt I have switched to calling the `!` variants the in-place variants (instead of mutating),

Author: Sure, I will rename it.

Author: I've renamed `mutating` to `in-place`, but for now I've left `non-mutating`.

Reviewer: that's fine with me. I even called the “non-mutating” one “allocating”, but I think that is fine giving it a negative (non-) name here.

The convention for this interface is to __document the allocation function__, which by default allocates the necessary memory and calls the mutating function. So the convention is to just __implement the mutating function__, unless there is a good reason to provide an implementation for both.
For more details see [the design section on mutating and non-mutating functions](@ref mutating-and-nonmutating)

> For performance reasons scaled variants of retractions and exponential maps are expected to be implemented. Scale is specified by an optional argument that comes after the tangent vector and by default it is equal to 1. You can also add a method that does not take the scaling factor `t` but it is not required.

Reviewer: we could add the signatures here
```suggestion
For performance reasons scaled variants of retractions `retraction!(M, q, p, X, t, m)` and exponential maps `exp!(M, q, p, X, t) are should to be implemented. Scale is specified by an optional argument that comes after the tangent vector and by default it is equal to 1. The variant without scaling, e.g. `exp!(M, q, p, X)`, can be implemented as well if there is a good reason like performance, but the default fallback of this variant is to call the previous one with `t=1`.
```
